docs: add contributors guide to aio (#41061)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/contributors-guide-overview.md

# Content Contributor's Guide

Angular, as an open source project, depends on its community. This dependence is particularly important to the documentation. The more the community contributes to the documentation, the better the documentation becomes, which helps both new and experienced Angular developers.

The topics in this section cover ways in which you can contribute to the Angular documentation set.

## Before you begin

Before you get started with your contributions, we recommend that you review [Contributing to Angular](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contributing-to-angular). That topic explains many of the tasks and guidelines you need to know before you make your first pull request.

## Contributing to Angular

<div class="card-container">
  <a href="guide/reviewing-content" class="docs-card"
    title="Reviewing content">
      <section>Review content</section>
      <p>Keep Angular content up-to-date by reviewing topics for accuracy.</p>

>       <p class="card-footer">Reviewing content</p>

Reviewer: Is there a way to vary the content in the card footer so it isn't a duplicate of the `<section>` content? Maybe instead somehow expand on what the card title says? Maybe this one could be something like this:

```suggestion
      <p class="card-footer">Keep things current</p>
```

Or some other phrase that's short, given the space issue.

  </a>

>   <a href="" class="docs-card"

Reviewer 2: An href of `""` it seems navigates back to `/`, so it ends up back at the landing page of angular.io

It looks like paths were created for these cards, but might not be linked up yet

    title="Updating search keywords">
      <section>Update search keywords</section>
      <p>Help Angular developers by improving the search keywords for existing topics.</p>

>       <p class="card-footer">Updating search keywords</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p class="card-footer">Improve documentation search</p>
```

  </a>
    <a href="" class="docs-card"
    title="Updating content through GitHub">
      <section>Update content through GitHub</section>
      <p>Learn how to make documentation changes through the GitHub UI.</p>

>       <p class="card-footer">Updating content through GitHub</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p class="card-footer">Contribute to Angular in your browser</p>
```

  </a>

>     <a href="guide/docs-style-guide" class="docs-card"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <a href="guide/docs-style-guide" class="docs-card"
```

    title="Documentation Style Guide">
      <section>Documentation style guide</section>
      <p>Review the syntax and styles used within the Angular documentation set.</p>

>       <p class="card-footer">Documentation style guide</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p class="card-footer">Get to know the writing style</p>
```

Might be a bit long, but something along these lines might be helpful.
